add rule for bindgen (#102) (#108)
bazelbuild/rules_rust: bindgen/README.md

# Rust Bindgen Rules

<div class="toc">
  <h2>Rules</h2>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="docs/index.md#rust_bindgen_toolchain">rust_bindgen_toolchain</a></li>
    <li>rust_bindgen</li>
    <li>rust_bindgen_library</li>
  </ul>
</div>

## Overview

> These rules are for using [Bindgen][bindgen] to generate [Rust][rust] bindings to C (and some C++) ilbraries.

Reviewer: s/ilbraries/libraries

[rust]: http://www.rust-lang.org/
[bindgen]: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-bindgen

> See the [bindgen example](../examples/ffi/rust_calling_c/simple/BUILD:9) for a more complete example of use.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See the [bindgen example](../examples/ffi/rust_calling_c/simple/BUILD#L9) for a more complete example of use.
```

### Setup

To use the Rust bindgen rules, add the following to your `WORKSPACE` file to add the
external repositories for the Rust bindgen toolchain (in addition to the [rust rules setup](..)):

```python
load("@io_bazel_rules_rust//bindgen:repositories.bzl", "rust_bindgen_repositories")

rust_bindgen_repositories()
```

> This makes the default toolchain defined in @io_bazel_rules_rust available, it is defined [here](./BUILD).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This makes the default toolchain defined in [`@io_bazel_rules_rust`](./BUILD) available.
```

[raze]: https://github.com/google/cargo-raze

It will load crate dependencies of bindgen that are generated using
[cargo raze][raze] inside the rules_rust
repository. However, using those dependencies might conflict with other uses
of [cargo raze][raze]. If you need to change
those dependencies, please see the [dedicated section below](#custom-deps).

> For additional information about Bazel toolchains, see [here](https://docs.bazel.build/versions/master/toolchains.html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For additional information, see the [Bazel toolchains documentation](https://docs.bazel.build/versions/master/toolchains.html).
```
